# Build specifications for covariate effect simulation/visualization

Build specifications for covariate effect simulation/visualization

## Usage

``` r
build_spec_coveff(
  ermod,
  data = NULL,
  qi_width_cov = 0.9,
  n_sigfig = 3,
  use_seps = TRUE,
  drop_trailing_dec_mark = TRUE
)
```

## Arguments

- ermod:

  an object of class `ermod` (supports `ermod_bin` and `ermod_lin`)

- data:

  an optional data frame to derive the covariate values for forest
  plots. If NULL (default), the data used to fit the model is used.

- qi_width_cov:

  the width of the quantile interval for continuous covariates in the
  forest plot. Default is 0.9 (i.e. visualize effect of covariate effect
  at their 5th and 95th percentile values).

- n_sigfig:

  Number of significant figures to form value_label of continuous
  variables. See
  [`gt::vec_fmt_number()`](https://gt.rstudio.com/reference/vec_fmt_number.html)
  for details.

- use_seps:

  Whether to use separators for thousands in printing numbers. See
  [`gt::vec_fmt_number()`](https://gt.rstudio.com/reference/vec_fmt_number.html)
  for details.

- drop_trailing_dec_mark:

  Whether to drop the trailing decimal mark (".") in value_label of
  continuous variables. See
  [`gt::vec_fmt_number()`](https://gt.rstudio.com/reference/vec_fmt_number.html)
  for details.

## Value

`spec_coveff` (return object) is a data frame for the specification of
the covariate effects to be visualized. This is internally generated by
`build_spec_coveff()` if you run
[`sim_coveff()`](https://genentech.github.io/BayesERtools/reference/sim_coveff.md)
or
[`plot_coveff()`](https://genentech.github.io/BayesERtools/reference/plot_coveff.md)
directly. Alternatively, you can develop your own or modify the one
generated by `build_spec_coveff()` and supply it to
[`sim_coveff()`](https://genentech.github.io/BayesERtools/reference/sim_coveff.md)
or
[`plot_coveff()`](https://genentech.github.io/BayesERtools/reference/plot_coveff.md).
The data frame should have the following columns (but it's probably
easier to try `build_spec_coveff()` and see the structure):

- `var_order`: The order of the covariate in the forest plot. The
  exposure variable is always the first one and the covariates are
  ordered by the order they are supplied in the `var_cov` argument of
  the `dev_ermod_*` function. If you used a model from
  [`dev_ermod_bin_cov_sel()`](https://genentech.github.io/BayesERtools/reference/dev_ermod_bin_cov_sel.md),
  then the order is determined by the variable selection process.

- `var_name`: The name of the variable.

- `var_label`: The label of the variable to be used for plot. This is
  the same as `var_name` by default.

- `value_order`: The order of the value of the variable to be evaluated.

- `value_annot`: The annotation of the value of the variable to be
  evaluated. This appears on the right hand side of the forest plot.

- `value_label`: The label of the value of the variable to be evaluated.

- `value_cont`: The value for continuous variables.

- `value_cat`: The value for categorical variables.

- `is_ref_value`: Whether the value is the reference value.

- `show_ref_value`: Whether to show the reference value in the plot and
  table. This is TRUE by default for is_ref_value == TRUE, otherwise NA
  (and ignored).

- `is_covariate`: Whether the variable is a covariate (TRUE) or exposure
  variable (FALSE).

## Examples

``` r
# \donttest{
data(d_sim_binom_cov_hgly2)

ermod_bin <- dev_ermod_bin(
  data = d_sim_binom_cov_hgly2,
  var_resp = "AEFLAG",
  var_exposure = "AUCss_1000",
  var_cov = c("BHBA1C_5", "RACE"),
)

spec_coveff <- build_spec_coveff(ermod_bin)
plot_coveff(ermod_bin, spec_coveff = spec_coveff)

# }
```
