# Customize specifications for covariate effect simulations/visualizations

- `build_spec_coveff_one_variable()` is a helper function to create a
  new specification for a single variable. This is useful when you want
  to customize the specification for a single variable.

- `replace_spec_coveff()` is used to replace the specification for some
  (or all) variables in the original specification data frame. If you
  want to replace multiple variables, you can just stack the
  specifications together.

## Usage

``` r
build_spec_coveff_one_variable(
  var_name,
  values_vec,
  var_label = NULL,
  qi_width_cov = 0.9,
  n_sigfig = 3,
  use_seps = TRUE,
  drop_trailing_dec_mark = TRUE,
  show_ref_value = TRUE
)

replace_spec_coveff(spec_orig, spec_new, replace_ref_value = FALSE)
```

## Arguments

- var_name:

  The name of the variable for which a new spec is to be created.

- values_vec:

  The vector of the values for creating a new spec.

- var_label:

  The label of the variable to be used for plot. If NULL (default), it
  is set to `var_name`.

- qi_width_cov:

  the width of the quantile interval for continuous covariates in the
  forest plot. Default is 0.9 (i.e. visualize effect of covariate effect
  at their 5th and 95th percentile values).

- n_sigfig:

  Number of significant figures to form value_label of continuous
  variables. See
  [`gt::vec_fmt_number()`](https://gt.rstudio.com/reference/vec_fmt_number.html)
  for details.

- use_seps:

  Whether to use separators for thousands in printing numbers. See
  [`gt::vec_fmt_number()`](https://gt.rstudio.com/reference/vec_fmt_number.html)
  for details.

- drop_trailing_dec_mark:

  Whether to drop the trailing decimal mark (".") in value_label of
  continuous variables. See
  [`gt::vec_fmt_number()`](https://gt.rstudio.com/reference/vec_fmt_number.html)
  for details.

- show_ref_value:

  Whether to show the reference value in the plot and table. Setting
  this results in the `show_ref_value` column in the specification data
  frame.

- spec_orig:

  Original specification data frame.

- spec_new:

  New specification data frame. It can be generated by
  `build_spec_coveff_one_variable()` or manually crafting with the
  following variables: `var_name`, `var_label`, `value_order`,
  `value_annot`, `value_label`, `value_cont` or `value_cat`,
  `is_ref_value`, `show_ref_value`. You can have multiple variables
  stacked together.

- replace_ref_value:

  Whether to replace the reference values from the original
  specification data frame. Default is FALSE; in this case,
  show_ref_value is set to FALSE as it can be confusing. If you set
  replace_ref_value to TRUE, the reference calculation for the forest
  plot is also done with the one in spec_new.

## Value

See
[`build_spec_coveff()`](https://genentech.github.io/BayesERtools/reference/build_spec_coveff.md)
for the structure of the return object.
`build_spec_coveff_one_variable()` returns a data frame corresponding to
the specification for a single variable, which can be used as an input
to `replace_spec_coveff()`.

## Examples

``` r
# \donttest{
set.seed(1234)
data(d_sim_binom_cov_hgly2)

ermod_bin <- suppressWarnings(dev_ermod_bin(
  data = d_sim_binom_cov_hgly2, var_resp = "AEFLAG",
  var_exposure = "AUCss_1000", var_cov = c("BGLUC", "RACE"),
  verbosity_level = 0,
  # Below option to make the example run fast
  chains = 2, iter = 1000
))

spec_coveff <- build_spec_coveff(ermod_bin)
spec_new_bgluc <- build_spec_coveff_one_variable(
  "BGLUC", seq(4, 8, by = 0.1),
  var_label = "Baseline Glucose (mmol/L)",
  qi_width_cov = 0.8, show_ref_value = FALSE
)
spec_coveff_new <- replace_spec_coveff(spec_coveff, spec_new_bgluc)
plot_coveff(ermod_bin, spec_coveff = spec_coveff_new)

# }
```
